## 1 Install Minikube and Terraform. 

Make sure you have both Minikube and Terraform installed on your machine
AND
Make sure you have an hypervisor - like hyperV or Docker Desktop if you are using windows .

If you don't, follow the installation instructions for your specific operating system.

## 2 Create a new directory for your Terraform files.

`mkdir terraform-minikube`

`cd terraform-minikube`

## 3 Create a Terraform configuration file

`main.tf`

## 4 Initializing Terraform.

Run the following command:

`terraform init`

This command is used to initialize a working directory containing Terraform configuration files.

It prepares your directory to be used with Terraform by downloading the necessary provider plugins.

## 5 Terraform validate

Run the following command:

`terraform validate`

This command is used to validate the configuration files in a directory.

It checks for syntax errors, internal inconsistencies, and other issues that might prevent Terraform operations.

## 5 Terraform plan

Run the following command:

`terraform plan`

This command is used to create an execution plan.

It determines what actions are necessary to achieve the desired state described by the Terraform configuration files.

## 6 Apply the Terraform configuration.

Run the following command:

`terraform apply`

This command applies the changes required to reach the desired state of the configuration,

or the pre-determined set of actions generated by a terraform plan execution plan.

## 7 Show the current state

Run the following command:

`terraform show`

This command displays the current state of your infrastructure as defined by our Terraform configuration 

and the actual state in your cloud provider (Minikube in your case).
